um this week on suicide years we are
doing tire rotation order to
determination you need to be able to
change tires so if you haven't seen last
week's video I'm going to recap it
really really quickly fast um but it's
basically changing your tire oh you're
putting the tires back this week we're
gonna introduce a special friend to help
us with the tire rotation special
plastic friend her name is Betty now um
I did all four times with myself
something like a tattoo artist now again
you know and hairstylist you see her
hair is pretty cool but anyways um she
doesn't be helping us because i'ma show
you there were two tires on a model car
because um it's funny easier for me to
show you I can't really overhead a giant
car and then just easier to show you
right so um Betty is going to show us
do that so I hope you enjoy it rear and
four-wheel-drive vehicles
take the front wheels and move them to
the back of the car only want to cross
them over to opposite sides like this
then take the back ones and put them in
the front crossing them over to
front-wheel drive
okay you want to take your front wheels
move them straight back and then you hit
the back wheels and cross them over to
the front
front-wheel drive with a spare tire I'm
going to use this quarter to
representing spare tire because my model
car only came with four tires okay so
first thing you're going to do is take
the two back wheels and put them at the
front of the car all you're going to
cross them in the same X pattern as you
did before then you're going to take the
driver side front and move it straight
back the spare tire move to the
passenger back and then the passenger
front is going to beat your spare tire
rear wheel and four-wheel drive with a
spare tire aka a quarter all right your
back wheels are going to go straight to
the front of the car and then you're
going to take your passenger side front
and take it to your driver side rear
take your spare tire to your passenger
rear and then your drivers front tire
becomes your spare a little confusing
but I swear it's not
you just go around alone